--MSG_COUNT
53
--BEGIN
You are not invincible. Find cover when you're under fire. 
No recoil because it is a recoilless canon? You will be in big trouble if you believe that. 
Shooting to take control is effective only when the enemy wants to leave the area.
Never hide with a person of great courage.
When planting C4 be sure the bomb site you are destroying is not your own. 
if I set up a bomb even a 5-secs bomb will explode in 3 secs.
Playing dumb can help you live longer.
The easiest route usually contains claymores. 
Making friends is important. Enemies will have more targets to shoot at.
If the enemy is in range, you are in range of the enemy.
When you dig a pit to trap enemies, be sure you prepare a way out.
The flashbomb effects both friends and enemies.
Friendly fire is more painful than enemy fire. 
Radio communications are always out when you need them most.
The blast radius of a grenade is little bit wider than your safe zone behind cover.
The absolute rule for gun vs. knife combat: Bullets win. 
Precision bombing is always 2 KM off. 
A soldier in a good uniform always wins.
If you're short of bullets but not enemies, you're winning.
A proper combat operation never lasts more than few seconds, once the first shot is fired.
Bullets are cheap. Life is priceless.
Foolish It may seem, but if it provides a solution then it is not foolish.
When in doubt, just keep shooting.
Notify the enemy if you have gain the control of an area, . If the enemy comes by without knowing then it can cause complication.
Friendly fire is always more accurate than enemy fire.
Expert tactics are predictable and the world is full of amateurs.
If you move little ahead of the planned schedule, gunfire support will arrives little behind the target point.
When we really need commissioned officer, it is the best time to take a nap. 
What really scares me in a combat area is a commissioned officer looking at the map.
The problem in choosing the easiest plan of attack, is that the enemy has already thought of a proper defense. 
There's nothing in the world that can be more exciting than having enemy's shots not able to find me..
Both enemy's and friend's grenades comes at me!
Losing on purpose will guarantee future failure. 
If a command leaves a room for misunderstanding then people will always misunderstand.
Stupidity is a requirement to become a high-ranking officer, and surprisingly, it is valuable quality.
It's good to know the best time to escape. It's better to know how you plan to do it. 
A top priority is made by commissioned officers not by God.
In combat, fear is valuable.
The weight of an equipped weapon is proportionate to mobility.
It is a success if you notice the enemy's harassing tactic.
I will show you clearly that a battle is an error is calculation.
The blast radius of a grenade is always wider than the throw distance.
Do not expect an comfortable trench!
Counting Kills : 2 Guerilla + 1 Assumed Kill + 2 Pigs = 37 Enemies Killed
The battle is won by all sides, when both sides think that they have lost.
Valuable combat tip: Do not take off your helmet under any circumstance.
Guns need bullets. 
A medical office is never around when you get shot.
The purpose of any operation is to expose the frontline soldiers to all the blame.
The night-time equipments always breaks down after sunset, but work perfectly after the sunrise.
whenever I see a medical officer, I have to take medication even for light illness.
It is safer to do close flight support at a distance.
If you hear 'Oh~crap!' after 'Yes!', then you are excluded from the promotion candidates list
--END